Topic1 三方开开发板移植专项进展
Topic2 OpenHarmony 输入法应用开发策略
Topic3 新增OLA sig
Topic4 新增物流机器人os平台sig
Topic5 新增Taro sig
Topic6 新增工业Paas平台 SIG
Topic7 新增教育信息化平台 SIG
Topic8 OpenHarmony社区文档开发&SIG Docs运作
Topic9 OpenHarmony Github镜像代码仓方案计划



图形、媒体、输入统一的HDI接口，隔离芯片平台内核驱动的差异，提升移植效率；
OpenHarmony 内核三方开发移植优化方案&进展
DRM驱动玻璃SOC芯片平台驱动的可行性进展

Topic1 Three-party development board transplantation special progress
Topic2 OpenHarmony input method application development strategy
Topic3 added OLA sig
Topic4 adds logistics robot os platform sig
Topic5 added Taro sig
Topic6 adds industrial Paas platform SIG
Topic7 new educational information platform SIG
Topic8 OpenHarmony community document development & SIG Docs operation
Topic9 OpenHarmony Github image code warehouse plan



The unified HDI interface for graphics, media, and input has been defined
OpenHarmony kernel tripartite development and transplantation optimization plan & progress
The feasibility progress of DRM-driven glass SOC chip platform driver




 # Project Management Committee Meeting 2021-08-19
 
 ### Attendance:
 The attendance have reached quorum with 8 participants in the meeting.
 
 ### Agenda:
 
  1. Please review list [No20~28](https://shimo.im/sheets/N2A1MZgDZxfbBVAD/MODOC)

 
 
 ### Minute of Meeting:
 
 Topic 1: Easily transport thirdparty dev board task
 - 1. Unified HDI interface for graphics, media, and input has been defined.
 - 2. Audio, Camera, and Input have provided chip-independent reference implementation codes, which are in the corresponding hal directory.
 - 3. Display's corresponding display memory, hardware synthesis and Layer parts have been achived agree with HISI team, and agree to contribute DRM to the open source community, and refactoring is being implemented;
 - 4. Codec and format are currently under planning. Recommended to recruit third-party development to provide open source implementations.
 - 5. Agree to solution of"Linux Kernel Portability Enhancement Overall Plan", it will be tracked on kernel sig.


 Topic 2: OpenHarmony input application development strategy
 - 1. Agree that the input appliation developed in open source strategy, and it is recommended to discuss the supporting Chinese with the develop team.
 - 2. Agree to postpone the camera application to the 930 LTS plan.

 Topic 3: Proposal for creating OLA sig
 - 1. Postpone to next time.
 
 Topic 4: Proposal for creating robot os platform sig
 - 1. Postpone to next time.
 
 Topic 5: Proposal for creating Taro sig
 - 1. Postpone to next time. 
 
 Topic 6: Proposal for creating industrial Paas platform SIG 
 - 1. Agree the proposal
 
 
 topic 7: Proposal for creating educational information platform SIG
 - 1. Agree the proposal
 
 topic 8: Proposal for creating SIG Docs and OpenHarmony community document development process
 - 1. Agree the proposal.
 
 topic 9: Creating OpenHarmony Github mirror repository
 - 1. Agree the proposal.
 
 # Review the issues and PRs from the community which need to higlight
 
 
 ### Open discussion
